# Sprint Review

## What have we done this week

- Nico: Away
- Matthew: Added ADRs, added GitHub issues for branch merges and bug fixes, planned sprint, tracked sprint progress
- Jessi: Away
- Aasem: Helped Nico merge ____ branch, worked on bugs in main branch
- Ben: Integrate indexeddb branch with Nico, wrangling the future log and getting it to work with Nico, merged to main with Nico
- Evan: timeline with James, wokred with James and Aasem on integration, code review with Nico, merged styling branch himself
- James: Ben, Aasem, and Nico on Ben's branch, timeline on Evan's branch, made important flag feature, added invisible scroll bar for timeline

# Sprint Retrospective

# What went well this sprint?
- Merged all branches but one, almost finished

# What could have gone better?
- Would have rather started merging earlier, IndexedDB has some limitations that is making this more difficult, could have planned our IndexedDB storage scheme better

# What will we try next instead?
- Try to look into the future and see what will probably take us the longest and start loooking into those things earlier

# What questions do we have?
- No question, but comment that we should get things done by Tuesday so we can work on the video Wednesday

# Thank you everyone for your hard work this sprint!

-----------------------------------
# Sprint 3 Planning

# Sprint Goal
- Merge last hanging branch (custom flagging, complete)
- Massage out the bugs in main
- Finish admin tasks...ensure we have good documentation, unit tests for everything
- Complete Onboarding Documentation
- Clean up repo

# Review Roadmap

[Make alterations based on progress to the project.]

# Assign tasks and agree on a reasonable goal to reach for this sprint

[Walk through stories and decide what tasks need to be done, assign them reasonably, and then get verbal commitment from everyone in relation to their tasks.]
- Nico: Add function comments for anything you wrote, make GitHub repo public
- Matthew: Unit test isLaterThan function, parseDateInput, extractMonth, try to get CodeQuality tool passing in main
- Jessi: Add function comments for anything you wrote
- Aasem: Add an end-2-end tests (add entry, go to future log, see if that is organized properly, add entries in future, add bullets from different tabs, etc.), Add function comments for anything you wrote
- Ben: Add unit test for adding entry to DB, Add function comments for anything you wrote, fix future bug showing november - December at the top, fix needing to refresh when a new entry is added
- Evan: Add in function comments for anything you wrote
- James: Add in function comments for anything you wrote, merge important flag branch (completed)

# Clarify goal this week one last time before dismissing meeting, ensure everyone knows their tasks

# General Meeting Notes
- Aasem showed the bugs in the Future tab, months with 2 digits being sorted by their first digits, Ben is working on this one
- James showed custom flag branch progress