admin/meetings/sprinttemplate.md, before:

# Sprint Retrospective

# What went well this sprint?

[Document answers here.]

# What could have gone better?

[Document answers here.]

# What will we try next instead?

[Document answers here.]

# What questions do we have?

[Document answers here.]

# Thank you everyone for your hard work this sprint!

-----------------------------------
# Sprint Planning

# Sprint Goal

[some text here.]

# Review Roadmap

[Make alterations based on progress to the project.]

# Groom backlog and review/update stories

[Check backlogged tasks and the user stories associated.]

# Review progress for the week and discuss

[Go over everyone's progress for the week and document it, use that as indicators for how much work to be done for the next meeting.]
- Nico:
- Matthew:
- Jessi:
- Aasem:
- Ben:
- Evan:
- James:

# Assign tasks and agree on a reasonable goal to reach for this sprint

[Walk through stories and decide what tasks need to be done, assign them reasonably, and then get verbal commitment from everyone in relation to their tasks.]

# Clarify goal this week one last time before dismissing meeting, ensure everyone knows their tasks

Commit message:

updated sprint template with story pointing

admin/meetings/sprinttemplate.md, after:

# Sprint Retrospective

# What went well this sprint?

[Document answers here.]

# What could have gone better?

[Document answers here.]

# What will we try next instead?

[Document answers here.]

# What questions do we have?

[Document answers here.]

# Thank you everyone for your hard work this sprint!

-----------------------------------
# Sprint Planning

# Sprint Goal

[some text here.]

# Review Roadmap

[Make alterations based on progress to the project.]

# Groom backlog and review/update stories

[Check backlogged tasks and the user stories associated.]

# Review progress for the week and discuss

[Go over everyone's progress for the week and document it, use that as indicators for how much work to be done for the next meeting.]
- Nico:
- Matthew:
- Jessi:
- Aasem:
- Ben:
- Evan:
- James:

# Use Story Pointing to measure tasks to implement

[Use the user stories and point to different aspects of them for measuring functionality and what we have left to implement with higher priorities being focused.]

# Assign tasks and agree on a reasonable goal to reach for this sprint

[Walk through stories and decide what tasks need to be done, assign them reasonably, and then get verbal commitment from everyone in relation to their tasks.]

# Clarify goal this week one last time before dismissing meeting, ensure everyone knows their tasks
