# Group 5 Contract

1. You are expected to be able to follow through on assigned tasks unless stated otherwise or discussed otherwise among the group and/or with the leaders. That being said, if there are issues/personal emergencies that come up it is very understandable, just let us know so we can shift your work elsewhere in the group.
2. You are expected to contribute to the group. Everyone will have at least some task that they will be doing, and we will divide up the tasks accordingly, shifting the roles so that no set of people is always programming or always testing, it is important that everyone has a chance to try out the different roles in the group.
3. You are expected to act in a respectful and professional manner towards others in the group at all times, whether it be during meetings or pair programming or another activity in the group.
4. You are expected to attend group meetings and other group activities where required, the leaders and other group members will try their best to divide out meetings and time so that we only meet when meetings are actually necessary, so when we have a meeting we expect everyone to be able to attend. If there are circumstances that make you unable to attend the meeting, please let the group know beforehand so we can make accommodations to catch you up with what is occurring in the group.
5. You are expected to be able to keep your code clean and readable, as well as document it as you go. It is important for the group to be able to read your code for future development and for it to be documented so they can reference it when needed. We will also conduct code review meetings on occasion to see where we can improve on our programming and fix it up, as well as discuss logic.
6. You are expected to have fun in the group! The project isn’t supposed to be something that is painful and a drag like most other classes, so let’s try and make this project a fun and rewarding experience for everyone by making a great project at the end of it!
